pacman-d: add alias page; pacman-database: update page (#15177)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pacman-database.md

- Mark a package as implicitly installed:

`sudo pacman -D --asdeps {{package}}`

- Mark a package as explicitly installed:

`sudo pacman -D --asexplicit {{package}}`

- Chec[k] that all the package dependencies are installed:

`pacman -Dk`

- Chec[k] the sync [D]atabase to ensure all specified dependencies of downloadable packages are available:

`pacman -Dkk`

> - Chec[k] and display in [q]uiet mode (no error messages displayed):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chec[k] and display in [q]uiet mode (only error messages are displayed):
```
